# Mobile Modules
Mobile modules are predefined modules for Xamarin app generation. Each module use mainly the API endpoints defined by 
the developers. A little information about each web module is provided here:

## Data Transfer Objects
This module is design to generate a class for each unique data object used from the back-end API.
The specific for each generated class is that each class property is bindable. 
```cs
private string id;
private string name;

public string Id 
{ 
	get
	{
		return this.id;
	}
	set
	{
		SetProperty(ref this.id, value); 
	}
}

public string Name 
{ 
	get
	{
		return this.name;
	}
	set
	{
		SetProperty(ref this.name, value); 
	}
}
```

In addition each collection is materialized as **ObservableCollection**. 
The result files are the amount of unique data transfer object classes +
one file **EmeraudeDtoEnums.cs** that contains all enumerations extracted from the API classes. Each class 
generated from the module is with the same name like the original one but with the "Bindable" suffix. 
(Example: **SampleDto** -> **SampleDtoBindable**)

## Service Agents
This module is not so different than the Service Agents from the web modules. The main difference 
comes from the programming language. Each generated service agent is a child class from **ServiceAgent** 
abstract class which come from the **Emeraude Mobile SDK**. The difference comes mainly from the 
amount of files. This module generate 2 files per each service agent - an interface and a class.
The service agent files use the classes defined into Data Transfer Objects module. So it is vital to 
generate the referenced modules before current. In addition to these files the module generate a 
**IContainerRegistry** extension which main purpose is to register all service agent into service container
for the purposes of dependency injection:
```cs
public static IContainerRegistry RegisterEmeraudeAutoGeneratedServiceAgents(this IContainerRegistry containerRegistry)
{
    containerRegistry.RegisterSingleton<IEnumServiceAgent, EnumServiceAgent>();

    return containerRegistry;
}
```

## Translations Resources
Compared with the web module for translation resources this module is a little bit more complex because
*Xamarin* applications use resource files (ResX). The result files of this module are 2 system and 
**n** with translations (where **n** is the amount of defined languages). The files are as follows:
- **Translations.resx** - main ResX file that contains the keys and values of the default language.
- **Translations.{code}.resx** - the translations files that contain the translation keys and values for each 
language. The **code** after generation will be replaced with language code. (For example: **Translations.en.resx**).
- **EmeraudeTranslationKeys** a static C# class which is autogenerated and contains the keys as constants:
```cs
// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// <auto-generated>
//     This code was generated by Emeraude Client Builder.
//     Changes to this file may cause incorrect behavior and will be lost if
//     the code is regenerated.
// </auto-generated>
// ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

namespace Definux.Emeraude.AutoGenerated.TranslationKeys
{
    public static class EmeraudeTranslationKeys
    {
        public const string FirstName = "FIRST_NAME";
        public const string LastName = "LAST_NAME";
        public const string Login = "LOGIN";
    }
}
```